>> I'll give a quote
from Albert Einstein.
"Reality is an illusion,
albeit a persistent one."
>> In the Western world,
we're addicted to buying drugs
instead of making medicine.
>> It's also important to
understand the biofield
of being human, and how we
can also use energy to treat
disease.
>> How we can heal the body
without use of pharmaceutical
drugs.
>> There's potential
here that's dramatic,
to not only just
get you healthy,
but to get you tapped into that
higher information where all
intuition is.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The biofield is a popular
term used to describe
the energies that are
emitted by the body.
The energies that
make up the biofield
are the individual energies
associated with each organ,
with each system like
the nervous system,
and with each molecule
for that matter
because every molecule has
an energy field it emits.
>> There is a magnetic field
also coming from the body.
And most of that
is from the heart.
And the heart, by the way,
makes the strongest fields
that we can measure
from the human body.
We have electricity.
It's flowing in
our nervous system,
flowing in our acupuncture
meridians, which
are invisible channels deep
inside the body along which
chi is flowing.
>> Chi is this resource that is
diffused throughout the cosmos.
And a cosmos is more
than a universe.
This energy field is
what qigong is all about.
And the gong is very
interesting because it's
a super simple word.
It just means work.
The work is always defined
by what the work is.
So in Chinese
medicine, the idea is
to work with the
aspect of yourself that
is infused throughout your being
at every level that is also
present in the entire universe.
That's probably about as
cool as the work can get.
>> We have this
gross physical body,
and we also have a subtle body.
And the subtle body is
often called the auric field
or the energy field.
And there are several
layers to this subtle body.
The physical body the life force
energy body, the mental body,
the intellect body,
and the causal body.
And that's called five sheaths
or pancha kosha in Sanskrit.
All these layers pervade
and permeate the body.
But some of them go out
further surrounding the body.
Let's just go from
the one that's
closest, which is the pranamaya
kosha, which is the life energy
field.
That is the subtle body through
which chi or qi or prana flows.
>> And then there
are the chakras,
the seven energy
centers up the mid body,
including over the head, the
third eye, the throat chakra,
the heart chakra, and below
middle of the abdomen,
and the lower chakras.
>> Each source has a different
type of energy that it emits.
Believe it or not,
cells emit sound,
light, and
electromagnetic energy,
and yet another kind of
energy, which is popularly
called scalar energy.
That's like
electromagnetic energy.
But it's a little more subtle.
And yet another kind of energy,
which is called quantum energy.
Quantum energy goes
backwards in time.
It travels faster than
the speed of light.
And has all these
exotic properties.
So the biofield is
actually a conglomeration,
all of those different
kinds of energies.
>> I'm one of the few people,
and there are a few others,
trying to map the energy
fields of being human.
And I do believe that our
energy field is probably
the most complex energy field
in the universe that we know of.
>> So then the question
is, how does it work?
So the Chinese will
tell you just simply
it works because it
helps to arrange the chi.
But scientists will say, well,
we don't even know what chi is.
And then assume that
because they don't know what
chi is, that it doesn't exist.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The only reason you can see
me is because the lights are
on.
The reason is this.
My body is an energy field.
It's not physical.
But photons of light
coming from a light source
hit my energy field, and
the energy of the photon
is deflected by the energy of
the body and deflected back.
You're not seeing
me, you're seeing
a veneer of photons that are
hitting the surface of me
and bouncing back.
So you see a
reflection of light.
But you do not see my
body, because it's not
made out of matter.
There is no physical
element to the universe
because everything you perceive
as matter made out of atoms,
and atoms are built
out of energy,
not matter, then you're looking
at an expression of energy.
These are what the
scan technologies--
MRI, CAT scans, all
these kinds of scans,
they don't read light.
They can see your structure
by looking through your body.
I go, well, then how can
they see my structure?
Because it doesn't
measure light.
It measures
electromagnetic fields.
The CAT scans weren't
created by medical people.
They were created by physicists.
I say so where's the
medical people come in?
They go, with this
scanning device,
I can get a map of the body.
And so if you take a breast
scan with an energy device,
you can see a tumor,
because tumor cells
have a different energy
than normal cells.
So if I'm reading
an energy field,
the tumor cells will stand
out as a different expression
than the normal cells.
When a conventional
physician looks at the scan,
breast scan says
there's a tumor.
Their interest is
give me a scalpel,
I know exactly where
to find that damn tumor
and I'll cut it out.
Well, that's what
we've been used to.
I said, well, what does
quantum physics say?
If I put in a different
energy, I can change the shape.
Hands-on healing is putting
energy into a system.
And I go, so what does it mean?
I say I can adjust your
health with energy.
>> Colleagues of mine in
China just did an interesting
experiment studying how
traditional Chinese medicine
works and studying
the nature of chi,
where they took words
written on paper,
and then they were put
in an opaque envelope.
And then they were put
under a Petri dish of cells.
And they had two sets of words--
bad words and good words.
Good words about love and
compassion and bad words
about hate and anger and fear.
And the cells, remember,
don't have a brain.
They don't really have senses
of touch or sound or smell.
They measure different
biochemical parameters.
Different enzymes, different
biochemical markers.
One of the things they
measured, for example,
was ATP, which is the chemical
that makes energy in the body.
And they responded.
And in some cases, depending
on what they measured,
they responded accordingly.
>> Conventional science would
say that chemistry affects
the body because the body is
physical and energy doesn't.
That's why we
ignore consciousness
and all that stuff.
There was a study in
London saying, well,
the body does respond
to physical drugs,
but it also apparently
responds to energy.
>> Water has an amazing ability
to remember things it gets
exposed to.
Things is a technical
word for information,
which is a technical word for
pretty much any kind of word
or sound or image that you could
expose water to it remembers.
>> Now your body has a lot
of processes that you're not
conscious of.
But water can convey
information that
can jumpstart changes in
your body and be therapeutic.
>> When you treat
water with information,
you can measure a difference
in the physical properties
of the water.
>> It's not going to
be there consciously.
You're not going
to experience it
as a change of thought
or anything like that.
>> But scientifically,
we're gaining more and more
of an understanding about
how it works, why it works,
and how to optimize the effects.
>> I've seen the water change
in experiments with measuring
the energy content of the water.
I can't decode the
information in the water
directly with my
scientific equipment.
But I can measure,
for example, how much
light the water contains.
>> This technology
is kind of new,
but they've now figured out
how to transfer the essence
of drugs into water.
When you drink the
water, it turns out
the body is able to read
the information in the water
and respond.
I mean, drugs have side effects.
Drugs are toxic.
Drugs are obnoxious.
If we work with the
information of the drugs,
maybe we won't have
all those side effects.
>> If I'm sending a signal,
and it could be a drug,
a physical chemical
appearing signal,
or it could be just a
vibrational energy field,
is there a difference
in the effectiveness?
And the answer turns out
the energy signal is 100%--
OK, 99, 99% more efficient
in sending a signal than
is a drug.
Why would I take the damn drug?
>> Ernst Chladni was a German
musician and physicist.
And around 1,800, he devised
this very simple experiment
to make sound visible.
It's a brass plate that he
played with a violin bow.
We're simply going to sprinkle
some sand on the plate.
So watch what
happens when I play
the edge of the plate
with the violin bow.
You see a beautiful pattern
emerges on the plate.
And if I now play the
plate at a different place,
then a different
pattern will emerge.
You see all the
little sand grains
are jumping, moving into
place, into position
by an unseen force.
And, of course, that force
is the power of sound.
So if I sprinkle
on some more sand
and then excite the
plate again, you
see we go back to that
first pattern again.
This is actually the
science of cymatics,
which is the science
of sound made visible.
The opening words of Saint
John's Gospel in the beginning
was the word, and the
word was God and so on.
And it's not only Saint John's
Gospel, the Christian Gospel,
but also many other religious
texts around the world.
The Vedic texts, for example,
talk in very similar terms.
Even going back
to ancient Egypt,
the god Ptah talked
about sound being
the creator of the universe.
One of the mainstream
models of cosmology,
how the universe began,
was because of sound.
So sound in the early universe
was the most potent force
in the first few
hundred thousand years
after the Big Bang.
>> I have been involved in sound
as it affects us since a child.
When I attended a Gothic
style architecture church
with my family, having
that sound bounce off
of those walls the
resonance structure,
I felt that I myself
just listening
to that could take flight.
When I went to India, I
experienced a totally different
type of resonant
architecture, which
is stated in the Vedic texts.
Placing the pillars, the
columns in specific ways,
the carvings also
reflect frozen sound.
When the priests were chanting
in a specific Sanskrit meter,
I felt a similar vibration that
just all under my skin, all up
and down my spine
that things, cells,
some type of energetic
form was oscillating
throughout my whole body.
Many people have attended
some type of musical event
where they just feel
the sound so intensely.
They're oscillating, dancing.
They are so happy.
So it was through all
of those components
together that I
began my trajectory
that I am on now with the
developing therapeutic sound
devices for people to help
them with their health.
>> What we're learning and what
science is actually giving us
is information about
how this works.
And let's just say, for example,
you hear a sound, a tone.
What that does is it goes
into the cochlear of the ear.
>> The ear is connected to
the vagus nerve directly.
So it bypasses the brain.
The eardrum is connected
to the vagus nerve,
which goes to every organ,
except the spleen directly.
So we are built to synchronize
to every vibration around us.
>> Everybody is telling
us, you need to calm down,
learn meditation, spend
some time in nature,
be kind and gentle to yourself.
You need to reset.
Well, this is what people
have been doing for thousands
of years going to these
temples where you have
these mathematical
formulated designs that
harness sound and vibration.
So when you stand
under those archways,
those buttresses, you
feel a sonic realignment.
So the body is like this
symphonic orchestra.
And a lot of times,
we get out of tune
because of all the things that
we're dealing with in our world
today.
>> There's an idea that you
have to take a certain drug
for a certain problem.
Well, that's all
associated with the idea
that you differentiate
problems, and that there
isn't one underlying functional
solution, shall we say?
The one medicine,
basically, is the capacity
to organize the chi.
So how do you cure any
disorder in Chinese medicine?
Organize and nourish the chi.
That's the one cure.
So in more modern
terms, the one disease
is the lack of
efficient function.
Lack of efficient
function in the liver,
lack of efficient
function in the spleen,
function in the heart.
It's all dysfunction.
So that's all one
thing, even though it's
in different places.
In the Western world,
you want the neurologist,
you go down that way,
cardiologist will over there,
orthopedic doctor,
gastroenterology, they're
all in different places.
And it really
reflects on the fact
that we actually have a belief
that these things aren't
working together, that they
somehow work in isolation.
And it would be kind
of like saying, well,
my car's got a carburetor.
If the carburetor
stops working, I'm
going to put a new one in there.
And we use that kind of
machine idea for humans a lot.
But humans are not a
machine, because the pathways
for communication
for functionality
are even now not
fully understood.
>> Sound is literally the
passing on of vibrations from
one atom to another or from
one molecule to another.
And we can hear that sound,
we say that it is sound.
But we also use
the term vibration.
Well, what is vibration?
Well, it's actually exactly the
same thing as sound, accepting
that we can't hear it.
So in other words,
we say that when
it's below the range of
audibility, which is actually
below 16 Hertz, then we use
this term vibration, which
just basically means that
we as humans can't hear it.
As far as the term
frequency is concerned,
this is because
sound and vibration
are periodic phenomena.
We have to know how many periods
in a given period of time.
So we say that a sound will be
say 80 cycles per second or 80
Hertz, which is the term that's
now used to measure frequency.
So basically, what
we're saying is
that something's vibrating
at a particular rate--
80 Hertz, 100 Hertz,
or 1,000 Hertz.
These are simply
how many vibrations
in a given period of time,
usually measured per second.
So this time again,
we have a metal plate.
But now it's driven
by a modal exciter,
which is this item underneath.
And the modal exciter is
driven by an amplifier.
And then feeding
into the amplifier,
we have this electronic
oscillator here.
So it means now we can inject
any frequency that we wish to
into the plate and create a
huge range of cymatic patterns.
So again, let me sprinkle
some sand onto the plate.
And we'll begin with a
very low frequency, which
is actually about 20 Hertz, and
then we'll increase from there.
So you see at a low
frequency of 20 Hertz,
we get this rather
attractive but quite simple
pattern forming on the plate.
But I gradually start
increasing the frequency now.
>> Cymatics is a word that
was coined by Dr. Hans Jenny.
Dr. Jenny was the first person
to apply modern technology
to generate these
geometric figures that
appeared while applying
different frequencies.
Dr. Jenny said, sound
is the organizing force.
>> Very distinctive change
occurring at that particular
frequency.
>> Cymatics is the science
of what sound therapy does
in the body.
One note vibrating from
the bottom of a speaker
into a plate of sand
creates a pattern.
>> I find geometry
very fascinating.
As a biologist, my first
interest in all that
was the shape of molecules
because their shape
determines their function.
It turns out geometric
patterns can store energy.
And that's what I'm all about.
So in my quest to always
find a source of energy that
had no electromagnetic
component, no physicality
to it, I came across
geometric patterns.
And I said, well, this is cool.
Different shapes store
different kind of energies.
I can take a test tube
DNA and put it right
on top of a geometric pattern.
And I don't know if anybody
ever did that before.
But I did it.
And sure enough, some
patterns resonate
in energy, which
the DNA recognized,
resonated with,
and responded to.
Just the intrinsic energy
from the geometric pattern
is a bit like the
energy from a magnet.
You look at a magnet,
it radiates energy.
And it continuously
radiates energy.
It's not like it dies down,
it's permanently magnetized.
Well, geometric patterns, as
long as the shape is there,
the energy is there, and
they will continue to emit.
>> There's a beautiful
pattern forming there now.
And the higher in frequency,
the more complex the pattern
becomes.
I will just lower
the sound there now,
so that I can talk a
little more easily.
And of course, these
beautiful delicate patterns
are not just pretty patterns.
Everything around us is
built up layer upon layer,
frequency upon frequency in
a sort of delicate tracery.
And what we're seeing
here in these patterns
is a kind of 2D simplified
slice through those frequencies.
The limiting factor, of course,
was simply that it was 2D.
There's no depth to it, and
there's not much resolution
either.
It's kind of a crude way
of making sound visible.
I needed something with far
more detail, far more control.
And so I went on to develop
the cymascope with pure water.
So let me introduce to you
the cymascope instrument.
The water is contained in
a fused quartz cuvette.
And the cuvette itself is driven
by a voice coil motor, which
literally injects
the sound frequencies
direct into the water.
And I thought we'd begin
with 20.8 Hertz, which
is one of the dominant human
cavity resonance frequencies.
So I'm going to bring up the
sound energy very slowly.
And you'll see to begin
with, just a simple set
of concentric circles.
But as I bring up
the energy even more,
we reach a critical point
called the Faraday instability
point, at which point
the energy reflects
from the boundary of the cuvette
and forms the cymatic pattern.
And there you see it.
It's very beautiful.
At this particular
frequency, it's
actually a five-fold pattern.
And in the center
there, you can see
a beautiful five-fold
polygon rotating.
Now I know that many
people, when they first
see these beautiful
images created
in water by pure frequencies,
think that they're somehow
digitally created.
We live in the computer age.
And so I just want
to show you now
by putting my finger in
the water what happens.
By disturbing the pattern,
you see the pattern
disappears entirely.
Now I take my finger
out of the water,
and you see the pattern returns.
>> When I saw that the first
time, I said, Oh, my goodness,
these look like some of
the shapes I would see
in the churches and the temples.
Those were actually frozen
sound carved into those pillars.
And that vibratory
field is printed
focused at everyone who
walks down this aisle.
All of these vibrational
signatures carved in this stone
or carved in metal are
impacting the energetic field.
>> I would imagine our
forefathers had discovered that
these particular shapes are so
fundamental and universal that
they're present
throughout the universe.
What makes them sacred is
because they are in some way
a link to the divine.
Think about mandalas.
The Tibetans been using
mandalas to look at and help
raise their consciousness
to higher levels
just by looking at the shape
of the geometric pattern
or by feeling the
energy that's radiating
from the geometric pattern.
That's an example of a
sacred geometric pattern
if it allows you to do that.
>> It was Pythagoras who
said that music could be used
in place of medicine and
contribute greatly to health.
And I realized that although
there was a lot happening
in the world in terms of sound
therapy and music medicine
and so on that most of the
research that was happening
was not being conducted
at the cellular level.
And I was interested
to know, what
is actually happening
at the cellular level
when we subject cells
to specific sound?
And I collaborated with
Professor Sungchul Ji
of Rutgers University
in the USA.
And it's a very simple
protocol that we designed.
Decant a test tube
of human blood--
this is whole human blood,
into two smaller test tubes.
One test tube was put into
our Faraday cage, a room
within the lab that's
extraordinarily quiet.
It's quieter than the
quietest bedroom, basically.
25 DBA for those who are
interested in the sound level.
And it's left in there in an
incubator at body temperature
for 20 minutes.
And then the other vial is
placed in another incubator.
This time in the main
body of the laboratory.
And in this incubator,
there's a small loudspeaker.
So we can literally
play any type of music
or any type of
sound to the blood.
And it was Professor
G. who suggested that--
it was a 20-minute
period that was
needed to have a biological
effect on the blood.
We experimented with a
wide range of music genres.
Every type of music you
can imagine, basically.
And we also experimented
with white noise,
which is just kind
of the noise that you
would hear from a waterfall
or from ocean breakers,
for example.
What we found was
really surprising.
It's always been known
that white noise is
healing, walking by the seashore
or standing by a waterfall.
But I also tried white
noise at 105 DBA, which
is a very painful sound level.
You just don't want to be around
when 105 decibels is happening.
And what we found
in that case was
that it literally killed
all of the red blood cells
in that test tube.
Within 20 minutes,
they were all dead.
However, every type of music
that we experimented with
created a fabulous result.
The red blood cells
that were counted
in the musical
environment were always
many times more than they
were in the quiet environment.
We were puzzled
by this initially.
And we were happy to
see this amazing result.
Why should there
be more red blood
cells living in the
musical environment
than in the quiet environment?
So now we've switched to the
medium frequency cymascope,
which is suitable for imaging
a wide range of types of sound,
including the human voice.
So I'm now going to attempt to
capture my voice frequencies
with the cymascope instrument.
You saw some very interesting
and very beautiful
imagery from my voice,
because all human voices
have harmonic beauty,
contain harmonic beauty.
So now for the first time
ever, as far as I know,
heavy truck sound made visible
with cymascope instrument.
And you can see
that it's actually--
well it's not only
distorted, but it's also
trying to eject the water.
We've got little splashes
of water coming out.
And what you see there is a
kind of jumble of frequencies
all trying to imprint
themselves on the water.
But because they're not
harmonically related
to each other, they're all
fighting with each other
and vying for supremacy
you could say.
When we listen to music, for
example, all sounds in music
are harmonic sounds.
What does that mean?
It simply means that every
frequency within the music
is related mathematically
to every other frequency.
In other words, these are
multiples or submultiples
of a particular frequency.
All mathematically,
beautifully related.
But dissonant sounds are a
completely different story.
And dissonant sounds,
you might have
a large array of
frequencies of sound,
but they're not mathematically
related to each other.
And so how we perceive those
literally with our hearing
is they sound ugly.
They don't sound pleasant at
all because our physiology
is basically not liking
those dissonant sounds.
And of course, from a
healing perspective,
that is so important.
It's so important that
we immerse ourselves
in harmonic sounds, not
in dissonant sounds.
Sounds of a particular
amplitude are generally
healing to us actually.
But sounds, if we are subjected
to too high a sound level,
can be harmful.
And I think this is true of
nature in general, isn't it?
In terms of radiation
from the sun, for example.
If we lie in the sun
for a few minutes,
even at the height of the day,
it can be quite healing for us.
But if we lie in the sun too
long, we end up being burned.
So I think it's the same
thing right across nature.
It's all a matter of dose.
How much of this sound
are we actually being
immersed in or
how much radiation
are we being immersed in?
Nothing better for
the root chakra.
Sound therapy and
music medicine,
which is another label
that's been given to the way
that sound can heal, is
becoming a very popular subject
actually.
All over the world, people are
now studying how sound heals.
So we actually do a full
range of treatments.
We teach sound healing
and audio recording.
So we also have the
recording studio as well.
The large Tibetan Bowl has
a very strong vibration.
And you get the energy
of the metal in you,
which is really good for
breaking up stuck energy.
So let me know if
it's uncomfortable.
It's pretty heavy.
OK, cool.
OK.
Tell me what this feels like?
In physics, everything has
its own resonant frequency
that it likes to vibrate
at, whether it's carpet
or bowl or tree
or everything has
its own natural
resonant frequency.
A strong resonant vibration
will overcome a weaker vibration
and entrain the weaker
into the stronger.
It's called entrainment.
How was that?
>> Well, it took me
by surprise at first,
and then I started to relax.
>> Let me try the smaller one.
>> When you start
working with a tone,
it's a same alignment process.
And when you do, for example,
a delta tone or you've
got a bowl, and
when you do that,
you actually start to
vibrate to the sound.
Now vibration changes
the molecular structure
of the body.
>> You can't even do it on
different parts of the body
that have different
issues on them.
>> It's the vibration
going to areas--
like does it find
areas or what is it?
>> Yeah, it will find whatever
areas resonate at that
frequency.
>> Sound is an alignment.
You don't have to know
what's wrong with you.
It's part of becoming whole.
And in our bodies, our bodies
are craving to become whole.
Where does sound travel?
Where does it go in the body?
It goes everywhere.
But just like an aspirin,
it just knows where to go.
>> This is brainwave entrainment
with flashing lights.
So the rhythm is
coming from the lights.
She's getting sound as well.
And it trains you into the
different brainwave states
of delta, theta, alpha, or beta.
It's really good for depression.
So it's quite activating.
>> So it's an exciting time
that we're marrying ancient
and today's technologies
to really help ourselves
to fortify our fields.
>> This is the base pod.
And what we're doing is putting
frequencies that are really
well researched through it
for muscles, nerves, tendons,
ligaments, endocrine glands,
circulatory, respiratory,
the brain, full range of issues.
We also have the belt. Very
similar to the base pod,
but it's got three transducers.
And the nice thing is you
don't have to hold it.
You can just strap it on.
Six months ago, I got a
massage that was too intense
and I couldn't walk.
It was too much.
And within 15 minutes
of using this,
it was completely
back to normal.
So here we've got the
amethyst spiral mat on top.
So the subwoofers or
transducers on the bottom
transmit sound through the
crystals into the body,
triggering the crystals
electromagnetic field.
It's very cool.
We've done eight international
sound healing conferences.
We've added on the
therapy center.
In our degree program,
we've had our students
creating treatment plans for
all these different issues
for the last 10 years.
We have Kaiser Hospital
referring patients to us
for pain management.
We have a treatment where
we can get rid of ADD
using different rhythms.
We're also working with
200 autistic adults
here in San Francisco Bay Area.
And we're also working
with a dementia ward.
We've come up with treatments
for different stages
of dementia.
>> We are a big bag of water.
So how can we get
the sound pushed
into this big bag of water?
Sound radiates the whole plate.
It is sending an energetic
form wrapping the whole body
energetically in the exterior,
as well as having an impact
at the cellular level.
This is showing a woman who
went for her regular thermogram
looking at the oral cavity.
You see here, this
area is white hot.
And it's coming down where she
has the inflammatory process
pooling.
She has no symptomology,
but something is definitely
happening there.
30 minutes later after a
session on the AMI 750,
we see that it's freeing up
this pathway along this lymph
channel.
Six weeks after the AMI 750
being used on a regular basis,
you see that's all calmed down.
When people are released from
their physical and emotional
pain, they become
vibrant beings.
This mechanic, he had had
surgery two years prior.
And he still had
pain in his legs.
Here with polyinterference
contrast photography,
you can see the inflammation
and the pain in his legs.
And after a session,
it's reduced.
That guy that
weekend, we found out
felt so good that he went
out and ran a race that he
hadn't even been training for.
>> Let's think about what
happens in our bodies when
sound enters into the visceral
fluids of our bodies that these
are the fluids that surround
all the organs in our bodies.
And also what
happens to our cells.
The cells have a
membrane around them.
And the whole
science of cymatics
concerns making sound
visible on a membrane.
So whenever you have sound
and you have a membrane,
you have to have
a cymatic pattern.
It's as simple as that.
These are the laws of physics.
It doesn't matter whether we're
talking here about sounds being
manifest on the surface
membrane of microscopic cells,
sound at a macroscopic
level such as sound
on a cloudy plate.
Or if you look onto the north
pole of the planet Saturn,
you will see a giant
cymatic pattern.
It's so large that it
could swallow three Earths.
Beautiful hexagon, actually.
So scale doesn't seem to matter
to the science of cymatics.
>> It's the realization
that you can do it yourself,
that we have the
power to do that.
Most people don't
understand that.
>> I've had people who start
dreaming after we do toning.
They'll have these
certain kinds of dreams.
It's making up for all the
years you didn't dream.
It's giving you more intuition.
>> So we have all of these
things that we need to do
to expand our biology and our
medicine and our understanding
of the biosphere.
We're learning what frequencies
do what to the body.
The idea of using
frequencies to treat people
and to affect our health
and our well-being,
it's not so esoteric.
It's a little bit more
accepted by mainstream.
And what's exciting about
it is that we're still
at the learning stage.
[MUSIC PLAYING]